Linux 2.4.0-test8

Ok, as the truncate problems really seem to be fixed, it's time to do an
official test8, the first development kernel in about a year and a half
that should have a working truncate() again. Thanks to everybody who
tested, and especially to Al Viro who did a lot of the heavy lifting.

There are a number of other various changes there too - the truncate fix
itself was fairly small, it was just more complex than most problems that
can be solved in 50 lines of code.

The only one of any note that I'd like to point out directly is the
clarification in the COPYING file, making it clear that it's only _that_
particular version of the GPL that is valid for the kernel. This should
not come as any surprise, as that's the same license that has been there
since 0.12 or so, but I thought I'd make that explicit.

Why? There's been some discussions of a GPL v3 which would limit licensing
to certain "well-behaved" parties, and I'm not sure I'd agree with such
restrictions - and the GPL itself allows for "any version" so I wanted to
make this part unambigious as far as my personal code is concerned.

The reason I wanted to mention that particular issue here explicitly
(rather than as just a one-liner in the changelog) is that code written by
others is obviously under _their_ discretion, and not limited by my
personal foibles, fears and misgivings.

If anybody wants to explicitly state that their code will be valid under
any version of the GPL (current or future - whatever they may look like),
please send patches to say so for the code in question. If you've used the
FSF boiler-place copyright notice, you already have this in place (it says
"v2 or later" - the FSF itself doesn't recommend v1 any more).

(Me, I'm taking the careful "wait and see" approach. I don't know if a GPL
v3 is imminent, and I don't know if the issues discussed will even
_become_ real issues, so you might as well consider me a paranoid, if
careful, bastard).

		Linus

 - final:
    - sparc updates
    - routing cleanups
    - fix up warnings
    - USB: dsbr driver update and warning cleanup
    - USB: update the status file timestamps when changes occur
    - USB: clean up module init/exit. No more explicit inits.
    - USB: bluetooth and microtek driver updates
    - serial.c: remove duplicated code. Add SGI serial port signature.
    - /proc/kcore and ncpfs - more care with kernel virtual addresses
    - discontiguous memory initialization fixup
    - sd oom fixes
    - pcmcia state machine fixes.
    - microcode driver update - make sure we get a sane revision level
    - copyright license version clarification (make v2 explicit)
    - epic100, 8139too and tulip driver updates
    - clean up truncate_inode_pages (no, this has nothing to do with the
      rest of the truncate issues)
    - jffs update
